README.md, before:

# ZSH Tab Title

[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/trystan2k%2Fzsh-tab-title.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/trystan2k%2Fzsh-tab-title)

![Build](https://github.com/trystan2k/zsh-tab-title/workflows/CI-workflow/badge.svg)

A zsh plugin that allows you to set a terminal header like any of PROMPT

A ZSH plugin that automatically sets terminal tab titles based on current location and task.

This is completely based on [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/blob/master/lib/termsupport.zsh) term support library.

## Installation

### Using [zinit](https://github.com/zdharma/zinit)

Add `zinit light trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

### Using [zpm](https://github.com/zpm-zsh/zpm)

Add `zpm load trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

### Using [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)

Execute `git clone https://github.com/trystan2k/zsh-tab-title ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/zsh-tab-title`. Add `zsh-tab-title` into plugins array in `.zshrc`

### Using [antigen](https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen)

Add `antigen bundle trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

### Using [zgen](https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen)

Add `zgen load trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

## Configuration

You can configure the prefix and/or suffix to be showed in tab title, besides the current folder.

### DISABLE

You can disable the plugin adding

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_DISABLE_AUTO_TITLE=true
```

### CURRENT FOLDER

You can display in the tab title, just the last folder you are in. So for example, if you are at `/home/user/zsh-tab-title`, the tab will only display `zsh-tab-title`. The default behavior, it will show the complete path, truncated at 20 chars. To enable current folder only, do:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ONLY_FOLDER=true
```

### CONCAT FOLDER AND PROCESS

When executing a command, it is showed in the tab title. You can setup to concatenate the current folder to it, so it can display, for example, `zsh-tab-title:ls`, when doing a `ls` in `/home/user/zsh-tab-title`. To enable concat folder and process, do:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_CONCAT_FOLDER_PROCESS=true
```

### FULL COMMAND

Enable to show the full command being run with it's arguments in the tab title. For example, ``nano .zshrc`` will show ``nano .zshrc`` instead of just ``nano``. Default is to display only the command without it's arguments.

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ENABLE_FULL_COMMAND=true
```

### PREFIX

The prefix can be configured using the variable `ZSH_TAB_TITLE_PREFIX` and it will be added **before** the current folder, in tab title. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_PREFIX='$USER@$HOST - '
```

By default, if no value is informed, it is used the value `%m@%n:` which will show the user name and computer name, separated by @. For example: `trystan2k@MyPC: /home/trystan2k`. This default value can be disabled if variable `ZSH_TAB_TITLE_DEFAULT_DISABLE_PREFIX` is set to true. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_DEFAULT_DISABLE_PREFIX=true
```

### SUFFIX

The suffix can be configured using the variable `ZSH_TAB_TITLE_SUFFIX` and it will be added **after** the current folder, in tab title. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_SUFFIX='- $USER'
```

This variable has no default value, so if nothing is informed, no suffix is added

### ADDITIONAL TERMS

By default the tab title is set for iTerm, Hyper, and where ``$TERM`` is set to one of ``cygwin,xterm*,putty*,rxvt*,ansi,screen*,tmux*``
Additional $TERMS to set the tab title for can be configured with the variable ``ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ADDITIONAL_TERMS``. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ADDITIONAL_TERMS='alacritty|kitty|foot'
```

This variable has no default value, so if nothing is informed, no suffix is added

Commit message:

chore(*): update dependencies and worklflow versions

README.md, after:

# ZSH Tab Title

**IMPORTANT:** Since May/2024 the default branch has changed from `master` to `main`. If you have this plugin installed or hae cloned this repository before this date, you need to update your local repository to use the new branch. You can do this by executing the following command in the repository folder:

```sh
git branch -m master main
git fetch origin

git branch -u origin/main main
```

Or uninstalling the plugin and installing it again.

**======**

[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/trystan2k%2Fzsh-tab-title.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/trystan2k%2Fzsh-tab-title)

![Build](https://github.com/trystan2k/zsh-tab-title/workflows/CI-workflow/badge.svg)

A zsh plugin that allows you to set a terminal header like any of PROMPT

A ZSH plugin that automatically sets terminal tab titles based on current location and task.

This is completely based on [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/blob/master/lib/termsupport.zsh) term support library.

## Installation

### Using [zinit](https://github.com/zdharma/zinit)

Add `zinit light trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

### Using [zpm](https://github.com/zpm-zsh/zpm)

Add `zpm load trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

### Using [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)

Execute `git clone https://github.com/trystan2k/zsh-tab-title ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/zsh-tab-title`. Add `zsh-tab-title` into plugins array in `.zshrc`

### Using [antigen](https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen)

Add `antigen bundle trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

### Using [zgen](https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen)

Add `zgen load trystan2k/zsh-tab-title` into `.zshrc`

## Configuration

You can configure the prefix and/or suffix to be showed in tab title, besides the current folder.

### DISABLE

You can disable the plugin adding

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_DISABLE_AUTO_TITLE=true
```

### CURRENT FOLDER

You can display in the tab title, just the last folder you are in. So for example, if you are at `/home/user/zsh-tab-title`, the tab will only display `zsh-tab-title`. The default behavior, it will show the complete path, truncated at 20 chars. To enable current folder only, do:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ONLY_FOLDER=true
```

### CONCAT FOLDER AND PROCESS

When executing a command, it is showed in the tab title. You can setup to concatenate the current folder to it, so it can display, for example, `zsh-tab-title:ls`, when doing a `ls` in `/home/user/zsh-tab-title`. To enable concat folder and process, do:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_CONCAT_FOLDER_PROCESS=true
```

### FULL COMMAND

Enable to show the full command being run with it's arguments in the tab title. For example, ``nano .zshrc`` will show ``nano .zshrc`` instead of just ``nano``. Default is to display only the command without it's arguments.

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ENABLE_FULL_COMMAND=true
```

### PREFIX

The prefix can be configured using the variable `ZSH_TAB_TITLE_PREFIX` and it will be added **before** the current folder, in tab title. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_PREFIX='$USER@$HOST - '
```

By default, if no value is informed, it is used the value `%m@%n:` which will show the user name and computer name, separated by @. For example: `trystan2k@MyPC: /home/trystan2k`. This default value can be disabled if variable `ZSH_TAB_TITLE_DEFAULT_DISABLE_PREFIX` is set to true. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_DEFAULT_DISABLE_PREFIX=true
```

### SUFFIX

The suffix can be configured using the variable `ZSH_TAB_TITLE_SUFFIX` and it will be added **after** the current folder, in tab title. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_SUFFIX='- $USER'
```

This variable has no default value, so if nothing is informed, no suffix is added

### ADDITIONAL TERMS

By default the tab title is set for iTerm, Hyper, and where ``$TERM`` is set to one of ``cygwin,xterm*,putty*,rxvt*,ansi,screen*,tmux*``
Additional $TERMS to set the tab title for can be configured with the variable ``ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ADDITIONAL_TERMS``. For example:

```sh
ZSH_TAB_TITLE_ADDITIONAL_TERMS='alacritty|kitty|foot'
```

This variable has no default value, so if nothing is informed, no suffix is added
